docs: added Ginkgo executor (#2005)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/executor-ginkgo.md

# Ginkgo-based Tests

Testkube allows us to run Ginkgo-based tests. (https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/)

> | Ginkgo is a mature testing framework for Go designed to help you write expressive specs. Ginkgo builds on top of Go's testing foundation and is complemented by the Gomega matcher library. Together, Ginkgo and Gomega let you express the intent behind your specs clearly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ginkgo is a mature testing framework for Go designed to help you write expressive specs. Ginkgo builds on top of Go's testing foundation and is complemented by the Gomega matcher library. Together, Ginkgo and Gomega let you express the intent behind your specs clearly.
```

## **Test Environment**

> We'll try to put simple Ginkgo. Testkube Ginkgo Executor is using `ginkgo` binary and allows to configure it's behaviour using args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's try some simple Ginkgo. Testkube's Ginkgo Executor is using the `ginkgo` binary and allows configuring it's behavior using arguments.
```

> Because Ginkgo projects are quite complicated in terms of directory structure. We'll need to load them from a Git directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Ginkgo projects are quite complicated in terms of directory structure, we'll need to load them from a Git directory.
```

You can find example projects in the repository here: https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube-executor-ginkgo/tree/main/examples.

Let's create a simple test which will check if an env variable is set to true: 

```go
```

The default Ginkgo executor: 

```yaml
apiVersion: executor.testkube.io/v1
kind: Executor
metadata:
  name: ginkgo-executor
  namespace: testkube
spec:
  features:
  - artifacts
  - junit-report
  image: kubeshop/testkube-ginkgo-executor:0.0.4
  types:
  - ginkgo/test
```

## **Create a New Ginkgo-based Test**

> ### Write some Ginkgo test 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Write a Ginkgo test 
```

> We'll try to check if there are any executors registered on the Testkube demo cluster. To do that we need to check `/v1/executors`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll try to check if there are any executors registered on the Testkube demo cluster. To do that we need to check the `/v1/executors`
```

> endpoint. Results should have at least one Executor registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint. Results should have at least one Executor registered.
```

```go
package testkube_api_test

import (
	"encoding/json"
	"io"
	"net/http"

	"github.com/kubeshop/testkube/pkg/api/v1/testkube"

	. "github.com/onsi/ginkgo/v2"
	. "github.com/onsi/gomega"
)

var _ = Describe("API Test", func() {
	It("There should be executors registered", func() {
		resp, err := http.Get("https://demo.testkube.io/results/v1/executors")
		Expect(err).To(BeNil())

		executors, err := GetTestkubeExecutors(resp.Body)

		Expect(err).To(BeNil())
		Expect(len(executors)).To(BeNumerically(">", 1))
	})
})

func GetTestkubeExecutors(body io.ReadCloser) ([]testkube.ExecutorDetails, error) {
	bytes, err := io.ReadAll(body)
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}

	results := []testkube.ExecutorDetails{}
	err = json.Unmarshal(bytes, &results)

	return results, err
}

```

> Test is run in the standard Ginkgo bootstrapped project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test is run in the standard Ginkgo bootstrapped project. 
```

```
go mod init testkube-ginkgo-example
ginkgo bootstrap
```

> Everything was pushed to git repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything was pushed to the Git repository.
```

> You can also look at code (in our examples)[https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube-executor-ginkgo/tree/main/examples/testkube-api]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also look at the code in our examples: [https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube-executor-ginkgo/tree/main/examples/testkube-api]
```

> ### Add it to Testkube 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Test to Testkube 
```

> To add a Ginkgo test to Testkube you need to call `create test` command, We'll assume here that our test is in git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a Ginkgo test to Testkube you need to call the `create test` command. We'll assume that our test is in a Git repository.
```

```sh
kubectl testkube create test --git-uri https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube-executor-ginkgo.git --git-path examples/testkube-api --type ginkgo/test --name ginkgo-example-test --git-branch main
```

## **Running a Test**

Let's pass the env variable to our test run:

```sh
 tk run test ginkgo-example-test -f                     

Type:              ginkgo/test
Name:              ginkgo-example-test
Execution ID:      62eceb8df4732077cee099cf
Execution name:    ginkgo-example-test-3
Execution number:  3
Status:            running
Start time:        2022-08-05 10:06:05.467437617 +0000 UTC

... other logs 

Running in parallel across 7 processes
•

Ran 1 of 1 Specs in 0.091 seconds
SUCCESS! -- 1 Passed | 0 Failed | 0 Pending | 0 Skipped

Ginkgo ran 1 suite in 7.447676906s
Test Suite Passed

Test execution completed with success in 15.586s 🥇

Watch test execution until complete:
$ kubectl testkube watch execution 62eceb8df4732077cee099cf

> Use following command to get test execution details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to get test execution details:
```
